all right so um all right before this
video this vlog start I just want to
talk about something I haven't been able
to upload a lot the reason is that there
hasn't been a lot of things that I could
slug about be really boring most of the
time I was staying at home second thing
the holiday was just recently over so I
just got back to school and there's
quite a lot of work to do and stuff so I
haven't had time to pick up the camera
and film or anything third thing I just
want to say that today's this vlog thing
it's not soon all in one day it's been
filmed throughout the week or the week
so without further ado is the video
Thank You Jessie for this Mike much love
having recording their wall because
there's nothing
wasn't bad finally get to take this mic
out for a spin
but then if let's put the battery in you
tripod
Pokemon adventures with Zane hi guys
that's pretty hear it are you
coding huh
I think I finished like two bags of
these guy they're just really nice
Oh